Creation of the Games folder and adding first game (#120)
KSP-KOS/KSLib: games/SUMMARY.md

# Summary

> This is a summary of all games found in KS-lib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a summary of all games found in KSLib.
```

Author: made recommended change

### Game of Ur

  This is a kOS version of the board game "The Royal Game Of Ur". 

>     This is a 2 player race game where the first person to get all there pieces off the board is the winner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a 2 player race game in which the first person to get all of their pieces off the board is the winner.
```

Author: made recommended change

>   This is a 2 player race game in which the first person to get all of there pieces off the board is the winner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a 2 player race game in which the first person to get all of their pieces off the board is the winner.
```

Author: made recommended change

> 	Too allow for a single person to play there are several AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	To allow for a single person to play, several AIs are offered.
```

Author: made recommended change
